ReadMe Review (#1648)
Particular/ServicePulse: README.md

# ServicePulse ![Current Version](https://img.shields.io/github/release/particular/servicepulse.svg?style=flat&label=current%20version)

> ServicePulse provides real-time production monitoring customized to fit distributed applications in general, and your application's specific needs in particular. Keep track of the health of your system's endpoints, monitor for any processing errors, send failed messages for reprocessing, and make sure your specific environment's needs are met, all in one consolidated dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ServicePulse provides real-time production monitoring customized to fit distributed applications in general, and the application's specific needs in particular. It keeps track of the health of the system's endpoints, monitors for any processing errors, sends failed messages for reprocessing, and makes sure the specific environment's needs are met, all in one consolidated dashboard.
```
